Expanding `access` to configs (#4146)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/access.md

---
resource_types: [models]
datatype: access
---

<File name='models/<schema>.yml'>

```yml
version: 2

models:
  - name: model_name
    access: private | protected | public
```

</File>

<VersionBlock lastVersion="1.6">

> Access modifiers may be applied to models one-by-one in YAML properties. In v1.5 and v1.6, it is not possible to configure `access` for multiple models at once. Upgrade to v1.7 for additional configuration options. A group or subfolder contains models with a variety of access levels, and designating a model with `access: public` should always be a conscious and intentional choice.

Reviewer: Suggest removing some passive language. 
```suggestion
Access modifiers may be applied to models one-by-one in YAML properties. In v1.5 and v1.6, you are unable to configure `access` for multiple models at once. Upgrade to v1.7 for additional configuration options. A group or subfolder contains models with varying access levels, so when you designate a model with `access: public`, make sure you intend for this behavior.
```

</VersionBlock>

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.7">

> Access modifiers can be applied in config files, including `the dbt_project.yml`, or to models one-by-one in YAML properties. Apply access configs to a subfolder, and it will configure the default for all models in that subfolder. When setting individual model access, a group or subfolder might contain a variety of access levels, and designating a model with `access: public` should always be a conscious and intentional choice.

Reviewer: The last sentence doesn't make sense because it starts with "setting individual model access" but goes on to warn about group and subfolders. Is this correct? I made suggestions but not sure if I got it right

```suggestion
You can apply access modifiers in config files, including `the dbt_project.yml`, or to models one-by-one in YAML properties. Applying access configs to a subfolder modifies the default for all models in that subfolder, so make sure you intend for this behavior. When setting individual model access, a group or subfolder might contain a variety of access levels, so when you designate a model with `access: public` make sure you intend for this behavior.
```
